add nfs storageClass example (#28941)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/storage-classes.md

    `gluster-dynamic-<claimname>`. The dynamic endpoint and service are automatically
    deleted when the persistent volume claim is deleted.

### NFS

```yaml
apiVersion: storage.k8s.io/v1
kind: StorageClass
metadata:
  name: example-nfs
provisioner: example.com/external-nfs
parameters:
  server: nfs-server.example.com
  path: /share
  readOnly: false
```

* `server`: Server is the hostname or IP address of the NFS server.
* `path`: Path that is exported by the NFS server.
* `readOnly`: A flag indicating whether the storage will be mounted as read only (default false).

> NFS doesn't provide an internal provisioner. You need to use an external provisioner to create a StorageClass for NFS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes doesn't include an internal NFS provisioner. You need to use an external provisioner to create a StorageClass for NFS.
```
